# Tebex Headless for OpenAPI

This project contains our OpenAPI schema for Tebex Headless, as well as various scripts to test the API endpoints defined in our OpenAPI specification. 

## Usage and Tooling

We will provide our current JSON and YAML schemas as Releases in this repository. These schemas can be used to generate SDKs in other languages, or you may use an officially supported SDK that is already generated by this project. Our documentation and SDKs are generated using these schemas.

- `setup.sh` - Installs necessary dependencies. NPM is required.
- `e2e_tests.py` - Reads the API specification and configuration, executes the routes in a specified order, and generates a report of the test results. Credentials and test order is defined in `e2e_config.yaml`. The script generates a CSV report named `e2e_test_results.csv` in the running directory with detail on test statuses.
- `generate_sdks.sh` - Generates SDKs using the `openapigenerator` in our officially supported languages. This will also compile YAML and JSON versions of the OpenAPI spec.

## Developer Resources
If you wish to make a contribution, please review **CONTRIBUTING.md** for guidelines and things to know before making your contribution.

### Environment Requirements
These are required only if you want to run our included end-to-end tests and SDK generation. Otherwise, you may use our Release versions of the API specification for use in OpenAPI compatible generators.

- NPM (to install `openapigenerator`)
- Python 3.x
- Required Python packages:
  - `pyyaml`
  - `csv`

## Our Mission
Founded in 2011, our mission has always been the same: helping creators in the gaming industry create new revenue streams without having to invest the time and effort involved in processing and managing global payments.

Since then, we helped generate over half a billion dollars for our clients, providing them with a full suite of monetization features, handling all taxes, billing, and providing full insurance. Making sure they can focus on what they do best - creating great gaming experiences.